feat: rbac policy v2 (#21)
komodorio/terraform-provider-komodor: docs/resources/policy_v2.md

This is useful for implementing fine-grained access control across environments.

## Example Usage

### Basic Policy

Defines a policy that allows read-only access to a known cluster and set of namespaces.

```terraform
resource "komodor_policy_v2" "simple_policy" {
  name = "simple-read-policy"
  type = "v2"

  statements {
    actions = ["view:all"]

    resources_scope {
      clusters   = ["prod-cluster"]
      namespaces = ["default", "kube-system"]
    }
  }
}
```

### Wildcard Cluster and/or Namespace

Targets resources in clusters and namespaces that match patterns (e.g., `team-*`), while excluding certain ones (e.g., `team-internal`).

```terraform
resource "komodor_policy_v2" "pattern_based_policy" {
  name = "pattern-read-policy"
  type = "v2"

  statements {
    actions = ["view:all"]

    resources_scope {
      clusters_patterns {
        include = "prod-*"
        exclude = "prod-legacy"
      }

      clusters_patterns {
        include = "staging-*"
        exclude = "staging-legacy"
      }

      namespaces_patterns {
        include = "team-*"
        exclude = "team-internal"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### With Selectors

> Uses label selectors to target specific workloads, e.g., resources labeled with `team=platform` and `env=production`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uses `Tracked keys` to target specific workloads, e.g., resources labeled with `team=platform` and `env=production`.
Tracked keys can be either labels or annotations and are defined manually prior to this (see docs)
```

```terraform
resource "komodor_policy_v2" "selector_based_policy" {
  name = "selector-read-policy"
  type = "v2"

  statements {
    actions = ["get", "list", "watch"]

    resources_scope {
      clusters   = ["prod-cluster"]
      namespaces = ["default"]

      selectors {
        key   = "team"
        type  = "annotation"
        value = "platform"
      }

      selectors {
        key   = "env"
        type  = "label"
        value = "production"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### With Selector Patterns

Matches resources by label keys using include/exclude value patterns.

```terraform
resource "komodor_policy_v2" "selector_pattern_policy" {
  name = "selector-pattern-policy"
  type = "v2"

  statements {

>     actions = ["get", "list"]

Reviewer: maybe real actions here? `view:nodes, view:namespaces`
